Now that we have some internal states,
we have a way to get that state with our GetState method,
we have a way to listen to changes on it with subscribe,
and then we also have a function which takes
in the current state and an action that occurred,
and returns us the new state of our app,
the only other thing we need to figure out,
is how to actually update the state of our store.
And the way in which we're going to do that,
is with a new function here that we will call dispatch.
So what dispatch is responsible for,
is it's responsible for updating the state inside of our actual store,
so in order to do that, what it needs to do,
is it needs to receive the action which is going to tell
dispatch the specific event that occurred inside of the application.
And now, with access to the state and with access to the action that occurred,
what dispatch can do in order to get the new state of the application,
is it can call our todos function up here passing it the state and passing it an action.
So what we'll do is, the state internally
inside of our store is going to now be whatever gets
returned from calling todos passing at
the current state and passing it the action which occurred.
And then now because we just modified the state,
if you remember what we need to do as well,
is we need to loop through all of our listeners,
which is just going to be an array of functions,
and invoke each one of them,
so that any listener to the user setup will be invoked.
So what we will do, is we'll say
listeners.forEach and then for each listener inside of listeners,
we will just go and we will invoke it.
So, now whenever the user wants to update the state internally inside of our store,
what they need to do is they need to invoke dispatch,
passing it the specific action which occurred.